Clean up docker references from Service documentations (#31331)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/services-networking/connect-applications-service.md

    podIP: 10.244.2.5
```

> You should be able to ssh into any node in your cluster and curl both IPs. Note that the containers are *not* using port 80 on the node, nor are there any special NAT rules to route traffic to the pod. This means you can run multiple nginx pods on the same node all using the same containerPort and access them from any other pod or node in your cluster using IP. Ports can still be published to the host node's interfaces, but the need for this is radically diminished because of the networking model.

Reviewer: The word “still” doesn't completely make sense without the comparison to Docker Engine.
```suggestion
You should be able to ssh into any node in your cluster and use a tool such as `curl` to make queries against both IPs. Note that the containers are *not* using port 80 on the node, nor are there any special NAT rules to route traffic to the pod. This means you can run multiple nginx pods on the same node all using the same `containerPort`, and access them from any other pod or node in your cluster using the assigned IP address for the Service. If you want to arrange for a specific port on the host Node to be forwarded to backing Pods, you can - but the networking model should mean that you do not need to do so.
```

Author: This makes it more coherent, thanks! :+1:
